Q. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you
   see the bug that was introduced?
A. Since there were very few changes from the previous version,
   it was easy to spot the typo that was introduced.

Q. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file
   make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
A. It makes it easier to find bugs that were introduced when the
   code was altered. You can also revert to a previous version
   (when that makes sense) when new code doesn't work out. Plus,
   if someone else commits some code that turns out to be a
   problem, you have a complete audit trail, so you can easily
   spot the culprit and the smoking gun.

Q. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing
   when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions
   automatically saved, like Google docs does?
A. Pros: commits are done at a logical time rather than an
   arbirary time, so they are going to be more meaningful when
   they are referred to in the future. There will probably be
   fewer of them, as well. Cons: you have to remember to do a
   manual commit, whereas when it's done automatically you don't
   have to think about it. Also there's the danger that the
   committer will commit too little or too much code, making it
   hard to make sense of the commit(s).

Q. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git,
   allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others,
   like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
A. Google Docs is aimed more towards crearing word processing
   documents and spreadsheets, which are most often just single
   documents. The complication of tracking multiple documents
   is not needed and would only make version tracking in Google
   Docs harder to use. On the other hand, source code version
   control is usually used to track changes in code. Itcries
   out for the ability to commit multiple files simulaneously,
   since this is an extrememly common use case.

Q. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view
   the history of files?
A. Git log lists all the commits and git diff lists the delta
   betweem any two commits.

Q. How might using version control make you more confident
   to make changes that could break something?
A. There's no down side to experimenting because you can
   always revert to a previous, working version.

Q. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want
   to try using Git for?
A. Version control, dummy.








